			Automating process of schedule using Python

Altought automating a staff schedule sounds like a simple ideia it something that yet is commonly done manually.
During a meeting with Datakult on Discord he mentioned the idea that we do not sell technology what we do actually
is making people's lives easier by selling solutions, one of those was that the proccess of 
creating a timetable for your staff as a manager can be overwhelming. But it can be easily done by machine automation.

So it sound simple and doable and I want to try writing a code for it myself, in order to achieve this I will
first organise in a list the things that need to be done. Altought this format can change along the week I will
try to develop a diary to keep up with all the alterations while I'm on it.

So the first list of ideias is:
use CSV or SQL to store and manage the staff,
the possible database should contain staff information (NAME, ID)
the other possible table should contain info about the shifts and the working areas. (SHIFTS, FUNCTION)

create a code to fill the avaiable SHIFTS for each FUNCTION with the staff NAME and ID.
it also has to be easily manipulated as needed. 

22:47 03/06/24




scheduler not ready, it was done and presented today unfortunally it behaved badly during presentation
but that is probably my fault when I was redirecting it through files.

Idea presented and explained as basic structure but yet not ready for production

01:07 06/06/2024 


The code has been tested in extented manners, I have added more shifts and staff members and it 
seems flexible regarding the length of the json file. Meaning it needs low to no mantaince.

Code writen in Python and json file for data storage, no CSV or SQL nedeed. 
the code is short and flexible now takes most parameters given and sort shifts
randomcly but fair, givin the number pf credits of each staff member, it distributes them
for each day as necessary.
with low correction it is ready to start production.

01:19 11/06/2024

It works!! 

Perfect so the presentation was a success and the next step now is to develp the idea better, 
so the question is which attributes should the APP have to make the life of a manager easier?

So for the following lines I will try to describe the APP itself and all it's functionalities.
Is no problem for the app to be robust and tide, so to put in a ordered list all the necessary attributes
I first need to come up with all the variables it might take, 
